##### folders 

###### generated_txt

contains subdirectories each with the novels generated by the ais. The model the generated the data is the name of the directory.if you want more information on the specifics of the prompting or the model versions look in the data directory which holds metadata for each prompt that was sent. 


###### ai_data 

each folder contains the script that generated the novels the skipped indices and the table data csvs as well as two folders, metadata and entropy rates.
The entropy rates folder contains the output from nero in a json for each novel and the skipped indices contains the index of each novel whose generation was stopped premtaurely due to the models refusing to generate any more text.

the csv tables contain data for only the texts that were greater than 150k characters in length. each of the tables columns are iinterpreted as:

the first column: this is an index column that needs to be loaded with pandas index_col = 0. its index corresponds to the index in the topics that was used to generate the novels for ai, and the gutenberg index number for the gutenberg files. the topics used to generate the novels are stored at ai_data/topics.json

perplexity: the perplexity predicted by howkgpt at https://howkgpt.nyuad.nyu.edu/ and reflects the perplexity given when you prompt the model there with the middle 15k characters of the texts (see web scraping in scripts folder for a script that scrapes this info)

prediction: the binary prediction given by the howkgpt model at the website above

percentage: the percentage predicted by zerogpt at https://www.zerogpt.com/ also see the web scraping script for more info on how to get this number.

entropy rate: this is equal to the original entropy rate predicted by nero it is the median of the entropy rates listin the next column over 

entropy rates: this is the list of entropy rates given by the nero script. The median of this array is the entropy rate

note that the entropy rates lists may have originally had zeros in them from the nero program and that any of the zeros were removed. 

note that some of the tables have earlier data that includes extra columns like confidence level, this data was not used for any of the figures and can be ignored.


###### length roc data 

this holds the data that was usde for the auc score versus character length figure. It has folders for each length and within these folders is the generated rates with the nero jsons and the generated text that has the reduced length text used in the calculation of the auc scores.
